Behavioral Questions:


Question 1: Tell me about yourself? 
Situation: My name is Bianca Chery, I am a 32 year young woman, originally from Fort Lauderdale, Florida. I've lived and worked in Tennessee for the last 
15-16 years.I have some experience in a few industries, such as warehouse, security and a bit in fast food. I am pursuing a certification in software 
development so that I can enter into the tech world. I am pushing for this to make sure my children have a legacy and not have to struggle in this lifetime. 


Question 2: What is your greatest strength?
Situation: My greatest strength would be my resiliency, I never give up no matter how hard life gets or what is thrown at me. I may bend but I nver break 
and I continue to thrive and focus on my personal successes. 

Task: There has been times where I felt I could be gone from here and thought about giving up

Action: I would meditate, pray and tell myself there is something better for me in this life

Result: I was able to gain more strength and wisdom and feel better accomplished for the next phase of life. I gained knowledge and understanding, which helped
me to keep going even in adversity.


Question 3: Why Do You Want To Work Here?
Situation: I would like to work here because of the advantages it would present for my family in the long run. I plan to be a star student in this industry and 
nurture that learning into an immaculate work ethic. 

Task: I am a fast learner and can grasp just about anything once it is taught to me once, hands on

Action: Once I've learned the work, I am impeccable with returning it in action to complete what is asked of me

Result: I've received accolades and praise for how well I've understood and applied what I know to complete a task or project


Question 4: Tell me about a time when… 
Situation: “you had to juggle multiple priority tasks. How did you decide where to begin?”

Task: “At times there are multiple tickets that have to be acknowledged also while speaking with a customer, like taking notes or closing out a prior customer’s account.”

Action: “I thought it would be overwhelming, but as I spoke with the customer, I would update the information in a note on my screen.”

Result: “It became more effective for me to have a notepad ready and the account website up and running to collect the information, which in turn made it quicker to help the customer.”


Question 5: Tell me about a time when… 
Situation: “you had to manage stress on a job.”

Task: “There are numerous times where the customer calls in frustrated and they have high emotions towards us as the CSR’s(Customer Service Representative), and it could trigger an emotion, but I keep a level head.”

Action: “I remember to take my time and breathe, remember that it’s not personal,  and still provide exceptional service.”

Result: “The customer at the end has a better understanding of their issue and thanks me for listening to their frustration and helping them resolve their issues. I take time away from the phones and go into our meditation room and have a moment of reset and peace in my mind.”


Question 6: Tell me about a time when… 
Situation: “Give me an example of a time when you made a mistake at work.”

Task: “Had an issue where a customer needed an electric part for their appliance within warranty.”

Action: “I told the customer that the part was covered in warranty and got them transferred over to the correct department to purchase.”

Result: “I received an email from the CSR agent who helped them, stating that I gave the customer the wrong information and only two components were covered and not the part that was needed. I thanked them and let them know my error wasn’t intentional and I now knew going forward what was covered.”
